[Music]
you know making it to the Guinness World
Records seems like an achievement for
well-trained experts but did you know
that some records don't require any
skill or training yeah
here are some bizarre yet creative
records people have actually broken in
January 2019 a photo of an egg broke the
internet and the world record for the
most liked picture of all time as of
today it has 54 point 2 million lights
in February 2014 Marty Johnson and Hugh
hunt broke the world record for the most
stairs descended by a slinky it was 30
here's one that will knock your socks
off in January 2016
David rush broke the world record for
removing 70 socks in just one minute he
was pulling the socks from people's feet
that were sitting in a row and he did it
blindfolded in April 2014
Kazuhiro from Japan broke the world
record for the tallest Mohan it stood as
high as 4 feet in October 2013
David Babcock broke the record for the
longest scarf knitted while running a
marathon he was running for 5 hours and
48 minutes and his scarf measured to be
12 feet and 1 and 3/4 inches in December
alvaro broke the record for tying 19
shoelaces in one minute while
blindfolded in January 2010 Jennifer
Jacobs broke the record for the most
hair clips fitted on someone's head it
was 201 if you're interested in November
of 2012 Steve Jacobs broke the record
for the most Underpants someone could
put on he wore a total of 266 gotta go
in June of 2019 we have the largest
gathering of people dressed as brides
a total of 1347 women from the ages of
18 to 92 put on their wedding dresses
and joined in in January of 2013 a guy
named Alexi from Ukraine spent the
longest time in direct full-body contact
with the snow he sat in that stuff for
60 minutes and eight seconds a happy
couple from the US enjoyed not being
married so much that they broke the
world record they were engaged for 67
years until they tied the knot in June
of 1969 when they were 82 years old now
that deserves a round of applause
speaking of that a performance artist
named Dustin Nelson created a conceptual
piece in June of 2014 where he clapped
and broke no not his wrists the record
his applause lasted 2 hours and 32
seconds in the cold December of 2016
Todd Simpson wanted to build a snowman
and broke the record by the way
he created the smallest snowman it was
as tall as 3 micrometers in September of
2013 a group of people broke the world
record for the most lobsters cooked at
the same time in the same cooker
it was 950 but get this that day they
also broke the record for the most
lobster served in eight hours that was
nine thousand and sixty in June of 2013
two sisters Julia and Stephanie broke
the record for the most hair rollers put
on someone's hair in just one minute
while riding a roller coaster
it was 17 but they weren't the only ones
a year before that an amusement park
goer named Artyom broke the record for
the most capital cities named in one
minute while also riding a roller
coaster it was 27 though in March of
2011 another guy named Robert was
standing still and broke the record for
naming 50 capital cities in one minute
in March of 2018 a company employee was
responding to people's complaints about
a game on reddit
reply left the readers so angry that it
broke the world record for the most
downloaded comment ever it had a total
of six hundred eighty-three thousand
down votes here's an idea let's break
the world record for the most comments
on a YouTube video can we make it to 1
million comments in 24 hours
hey show me your powers folks in June of
2004 michael carmichael broke the record
for the most layers of paint on a fall
he and his wife started the project in
1977 and since then they applied
seventeen thousand nine hundred ninety
four layers of beige they added two
coatings every day for 27 years and yes
they had a ball in March of 2017
kalai sullivan cracked his joints and
broke the world record he managed to
crack 32 of them simultaneously don't
try it at home in March of 2019
Joel Strasser broke the record for
stuffing 312 drinking straws in his
beard but during Christmas of the same
year he broke another record for placing
302 bobbles in his beard yet the most
impressive one was in July of 2018 when
he added 3500 toothpicks well again in
his
beer in August of 2018 a guy named
karate was able to add 692 drinking
straws in his mouth and broke the record
speaking of adding things on bodies in
September of 2013 a guy named Al Abbar
broke the record for balancing 31 spoons
on his face at once in February of 2018
a guy named Dinesh broke the record for
stuffing 94 seedless grapes in his mouth
and he wasn't the only one in June of
2019 david rush was able to fit 124
blueberries in his mouth in February of
a guy named morteza broke the record for
the most birth dates memorized the
process lasted 20 minutes and he named
22 dates in order in May of 2019 Prakash
from India broke the record for the most
jumping jacks achieved in one hour he
did a total of 3,000 183 now I want to
see him compete with paddy Doyle who
broke the record in November of 2007 for
performing 4708 squats in one hour
that translates to 78 and a half per
minute the art of putting stickers on
objects began gaining so much momentum
that people started breaking records for
it in June 2019
Alberto and Sarah from Italy broke the
record for adding 1,333 stickers on a
bicycle in September of 2014 half a
dozen people broke the record for adding
14 thousand 637 stickers on a car in
September of 2017
an organization broke the world record
for the most stickers placed on a bus it
has a total of 29 thousand 83 stickers
almost all of them were mailed by
collectors in June of 2012 pradesh
merlin broke the record for memorizing
the most random objects he recalled 420
objects in the order they were read to
it in September of 2019 Rocko Mercurio
broke the record for balancing 1,700
cups on his forehead he's a serial
record breaker - in March of 2019 he got
the title for the most fidgets spinner
spun simultaneously which was 15 in
January of 2019 james rawlings broke the
record for balancing 11 chairs on his
chin a few months later he broke another
record for the most time balancing a
lawnmower on his chin it was 13 minutes
and 7 seconds um no mention whether the
lawn mower was running at the time in
February of 2018 Eli Bishop broke the
record for achieving 1103 claps in just
one minute
in June of 2019 a group of people in
Japan wanted to create stronger bonds in
their community so they broke the record
for passing an egg through 394 people
using spoons in May of 2018 Ali and
Harry Ferguson broke the record for the
most traveled toys ship their little
vessel toward a total of three thousand
seven hundred seventy three miles that's
almost as long as the Amazon River
sometime in 1994 the sanad family in
India broke the world record for the
most doctorates in a family they had a
total of seven PhDs in July of 2011
Guinness Rishi broke the record for the
most flags tattooed on someone's body it
only took them two years to get 366
flags
tattooed in September of 2017
John Fitzsimmons broke the record for
the most costume changes achieved in
eight hours during that time she wore
178 costumes and he actually did it in
seven hours and 25 minutes in October of
Erik Lineback broke the world record for
the most Rubik's Cube solved in 24 hours
he went non-stop and solved 5,800 of
them each cube took him around 15
seconds to solve hmm puzzling in
December of 2017 monkey sure from India
broke the record for the most playing
cards memorized by order in just one
hour
she remembered 1924 cards that's 37
whole decks at the same time monka
surest win broke the record for
memorizing 5445 binary digits in just 30
minutes
and in July of 2018 Anupam from India
broke the record for creating the
longest chain of staples he connected
70,000 pieces of stables and it measured
at 1819 feet and 7.32 inches
we're not to toot my own horn but today
I set a personal record myself
consecutive days breathing nope haven't
missed a single day I'm so proud and I
plan on breaking that one tomorrow
wish me luck hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend
and here are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]